Céline Faye I hope you are well
today I am finally making you the
review of my favorite of autumn
at nagl who raise bb cream so the
bb cream of the wing like annabelle and
marseilles are one and the same
company I'd like to do and a lot
so at the cream of Marseille bb I you
had made a video on this lot ago
some time already that he had released
I fall in love completely
with this product there then for what is
16 annabelle it's the same thing I
I really fell in love with this
product there that's what I think
Moreover, at the moment, it gives a
dyed that yes uniform
yes very bright
then it's something that is very
very natural so we see through to
through the fountain the cpo like no
as mask consume what they we
promise of hunger so sublime chilli
adaptive for a perfect chord 1
billion the complexion like the
imperfections then ask maybe
this excavation actually that by throwing
in the sense that it's more I would like
a little younger than my skin I
shows here so for sure it will
can younger then it fits
perfectly to montain I am
really not disappointed on that I take
no talent it's really we did it
since just to make another
color of skin a balance tobacco is
sure it stays a foundation when
even so yes in the intersections
actually I 'm often like
I do not have time to
put a cache something that's it
that I use for my dark circles
I still have dark circles that are
quite pronounced so yes it erases them
imperfections illuminates the complexion of a
instant radio burst actually I
find that it gives
yes it gives I give it a shine and
it 's something very bright
so yes actually
when I managed to reduce the appearance
departure control shine tonight
that -16 March 2 she had already done
a lot of work for the pines
I was afraid of beams and that you are
here and then down since I'm using is
Maxell's I had to paint them for
a lot less goals - dilate and then
with this one it's the same thing
content finally and then I always
as long as I can remember
always had deposit here and then I have
I have more since I use that of Marcel
then it's the same thing too
annabelle that we take this goal like that
so yes that's the nature of the appearance
defense in terms of controlling
brilliance
again like for those of
marcel g paul i have dry skin and
so shine is not a problem
for me so that I can not tell you
but it adapts long moisturizing effect
time actually young in time
in me except that I'm still my
idol in time because as I do not
thought ch
it's a little risky before the court
sorry and so I always use
world of tave but yes I find that
still an effect of slashing
protects against uvb rays so this
which is listed a drop of 15.1 sphp
a few in France have done May 2 short
there have been discussions, but yes it is
that's what's very interesting
for me because that's what
worries me in the victory of marseille
and then I thought they were for this
to make three annabelle rooms it's not
necessarily a concern of
a lot of people to use I speak
really mainstream than pleasure
a cream his rank for ages so I
I'm glad he issued anyway
in what makes me that is the one
that I use now instead of
the one is marcel's in terms of
difference between the two I would tell you
that first jersey the price those of
mersen this detail around 20.12 I
then believe the news with the sdf
20 is the new marcel around
of 25 I thought to ride it a little bit
that of annabelle and toto than 15 so
it's super interesting for that no
difference that I could tell you
this is a science that I like a little
less but maybe that's why
the price the lowest prices
this is the tip so it's really
just in numbers like that then good on
felt that it is not very beautiful for sale
because there are some everywhere more
yet I'm careful I that of
versailles
she wants to be a pump tip like
which is frankly all interesting
I feel like a father of this
young way it really needs to kind
is a big amount when it was a
pump and a half pretty much I'm silent
no I can not finally control the
quantity that I'm applying because
I take it out on my hand before then
too much it's not super interesting like
After a good but that's not it will
stop me from buying another one
difference also a little bit less of
produce 40 minutes in that compared to
those of March there were forty five
thousand liters which is the same thing for
the greens so that if there is a little
minus another difference that I
could you say that maybe I have
the impression that this one is a little
more of the tent than that of marseille
I do not know if I am right but me
that's the effect it gives and I like
a lot better coverage of that I
do not know the spice it gives a lot
better my skin I feel like I have
the complexion of more brightened bremen
so that's why I'm the one
where I am now I hope I
will introduce you to the new
product then I hope you liked it
so this is questions from
comments can always write me a
good I answer you it's safe and certain
and then we will soon go to the wrong girls